# index.*### Overview---Lua module path shortener for *require* function. Any call to require will be intercepted and if normal require does not yield results, index will search in added paths for modules. ### Functions---- index.*addPath(**path1**, **path2**, **...**)*    - Adds path to index. Multiple paths can be added as different parameters.- index.*setNamespace(**newNamespace**)*    - Will set the namespace to **newNamespace**. Adding this means that requires will ignore the namespace if found, on requires.- index.*getRequirePath(**moduleName**)*    - Will return the real, full require path, if the module has been loaded by index. Will return **moduleName** otherwise.### Example usage---
Supposing you have multiple libraries deep in folders:- *"path.to.libs.numbers"*- *"path.to.libs.strings"*Simply do: `require("index")("path.to.libs")` and now you can require your libs `require("numbers")` and `require("strings")`.Required modules will receive a table via `...` with the properties:- *.name*: The real path where the module was found.- *.path*: The path that was added by index.A small demo is included in the source code.### Notes---Adding require path `require("index").addPath("path.to.libs")` and `require("index")("path.to.libs")` have the same effect.Setting namespace is needed for large dependencies which require internal files. For example, if your dependency folder and file combo is *screen* and inside *screen.lua* you need to require other file, for example, *helper.lua* inside the same project, you will need to add the project namespace, which in this case is *screen*, so you would need to do `require("screen.helper")`. Setting namespace can also be done by doing: `require("index")("path.to.libs")("namespace")`---Copyright (c) 2014-2020, Basilio GermánAll rights reserved.